README.md, before:

[![Review Assignment Due Date](https://classroom.github.com/assets/deadline-readme-button-22041afd0340ce965d47ae6ef1cefeee28c7c493a6346c4f15d667ab976d596c.svg)](https://classroom.github.com/a/MjLLqDcN)
# HW1
## W1L2 In-Class Activity

Put your notes from the W1L2 (Thurs, Jan 9) in-class activity here.

## Devlog
Prompt: Include the HW1 break-down exercise you wrote during the Week 1 - Lecture 2 (Jan 9) in-class activity (above). If you did not attend and perform this activity, review the lecture slides and write your own plan for how you believe HW1 should be built. If your initially proposed plan turned out significantly different than the activity answers given by Prof Reid, you may want to note what was different. Then, write about how the plan you wrote in the break-down connects to the code you wrote. Cite specific class names and method names in the code and GameObjects in your Unity Scene.


Write your Devlog here!
When developing HW1, the player movement part is one of the core functions. I implemented smooth movement logic through the PlayerController class,  I used Unity's Input.GetAxis() method to capture input on both the horizontal and vertical axes, allowing the player to achieve smooth movement through keyboard input. Additionally, to ensure natural movement, I incorporated the Transform.Translate method to update the player's position in real time based on input values. This implementation not only fit the initial plan but also allowed me to quickly locate and optimize the code through annotated guidelines, thus ensuring the integrity and stability of the movement functionality.

## Open-Source Assets
If you added any other outside assets, list them here!
- [Sprout Lands sprite asset pack](https://cupnooble.itch.io/sprout-lands-asset-pack) - character and item sprites

Commit message:

added professor comments to README

README.md, after:

[![Review Assignment Due Date](https://classroom.github.com/assets/deadline-readme-button-22041afd0340ce965d47ae6ef1cefeee28c7c493a6346c4f15d667ab976d596c.svg)](https://classroom.github.com/a/MjLLqDcN)
# HW1
## W1L2 In-Class Activity

Put your notes from the W1L2 (Thurs, Jan 9) in-class activity here.

## Devlog
When developing HW1, the player movement part is one of the core functions. I implemented smooth movement logic through the PlayerController class,  I used Unity's Input.GetAxis() method to capture input on both the horizontal and vertical axes, allowing the player to achieve smooth movement through keyboard input. Additionally, to ensure natural movement, I incorporated the Transform.Translate method to update the player's position in real time based on input values. This implementation not only fit the initial plan but also allowed me to quickly locate and optimize the code through annotated guidelines, thus ensuring the integrity and stability of the movement functionality.

## Open-Source Assets
If you added any other outside assets, list them here!
- [Sprout Lands sprite asset pack](https://cupnooble.itch.io/sprout-lands-asset-pack) - character and item sprites

## Prof comments
This Devlog is missing the in-class activity, so I can't give you full points for it! Also, your Devlog doesn't quite seem to connect the plans to your code- I would like to see more details as to how the plan you laid out affected how you structured your code.

Also, you can remove the Devlog prompt text. This makes it easier for me to read your Devlog.
